[WIP] Update router naming conventions (#871)
apollographql/docs: src/content/graphos/basics/data-privacy.mdx

| `https://usage-reporting.api.apollographql.com`        | Metrics reporting from the [GraphOS Router](/router/configuration/telemetry/apollo-telemetry) (v0.1.0+), [Apollo Server](./metrics/sending-operation-metrics/) (v2.18.0+), and third-party API servers                                                                            |
| `https://rover.apollo.dev`                             | The [Rover CLI](/rover/)—all commands if [telemetry is enabled](/rover/privacy), `rover supergraph compose` when fetching new plugin versions, all `rover template` commands, and once per day to check for version updates                                                       |
| `https://api.apollographql.com/graphql`                | All [Rover CLI](/rover/) (v0.6+) commands that communicate with GraphOS, along with all requests to the [GraphOS Platform API](./platform-api/)                                                                                                                                   |

> | `https://router.apollo.dev`                            | The GraphOS Router installer (all versions), along with Router (v1.9.0+) [telemetry when enabled](/router/privacy)                                                                                                                                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `https://router.apollo.dev`                            | The GraphOS Router installer (all versions), along with GraphOS Router (v1.9.0+) [telemetry when enabled](/router/privacy)                                                                                                                                                                |
```

  class clients secondary;
```

> Each GraphOS Router is an instance of the Apollo Router Core running in its own managed container. These instances use the same mechanisms to report operation metrics to GraphOS as an Apollo Router Core instance running in any other environment. The only difference is that metrics reporting is always enabled for a cloud supergraph's router.

Reviewer: Clarify GraphOS Router instance != Apollo Route Core instance

```suggestion
Each instance of GraphOS Router runs in its own managed container. These instances use the same mechanisms to report operation metrics to GraphOS as a GraphOS Router or Apollo Router Core instance running in any other environment. The only difference is that metrics reporting is always enabled for a cloud supergraph's router.
```
